ISPN-13139 documentation revision (#9417)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/con_off_heap_memory.adoc

[id='off_heap_memory']
= Off-Heap Memory

> {brandname} can store cache entries in JVM heap memory by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{brandname} stores cache entries in JVM heap memory by default.
```

The following diagram shows a set of keys with names, the hash for each key and bucket array of address pointers, as well as the entries with the name and phone number:

.Memory address pointers for keys
image::offheap_hashmap.svg[Illustration of keys and bucket array of memory address pointers]

When key hashes collide, {brandname} links entries.

> In the _Memory address pointers for keys_ diagram, if the William Clay and Luke Cage keys have the same hash, then the first entry added to the cache is the first element in the bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the _Memory address pointers for keys_ diagram, if the `William Clay` and `Luke Cage` keys have the same hash, then the first entry added to the cache is the first element in the bucket.
```
